give us the load on this mr bogart miss
vern how do you feel about being humbly
bogus leading lady
well i feel a little like the princess
who's been rescued from the dragon by
the white knight that's you mr bogart
anybody to prince that can expect the
usual trouble
what's your next pitch you're going to
be like mr bogart i'll tell you boys
i used to be a pretty tough hombre but
no more
in my new picture i'm really refined
strictly high class
just take a look and see for yourself
we don't get the wrong idea there's a
bunch of dangerous guys trying to muscle
in on uncle sam
and me and the boys are doing something
about it because these monkeys don't
play for a laugh and a little fun
they're strictly out for blood
it's not my idea how to spend a present
evening right now i could be dealing
myself a straight flush
i could only figure out what joe meant
when he held up his hand
i know he must have been trying to tell
me something and show me something
you are the noisiest guy listen weasel
back to your piano please mr donaghy
well i don't like the way he's pushing
you around it isn't important please
don't interfere
come on let her alone take your hands
off me get him up
you realize you will never get out of
here he'll be entrance discarded
where do you think you're going baby
gloves please let me go
[Music]
mr sister i don't know what you're up to
but out there the cops are waiting for
me with a one-way ticket to the hot seat
you know who killed joe dunning and you
know who killed miller and you know
what's going on around here your exhibit
a and you're coming with me
so
[Music]
you